Hi Good Morning Good Day Howdy Arey Yaar where the fuck are you? Hello Good Night guys Good Morning guys wtf???? let's hook up at my place tonight? Where are you???
Come fast Good night good morning.
Somehow, SEX not only for Christmas,
But all the long year through,
The joy that you give to others,

Like Facebook Page & Change to BASTARD Win Rs 100 Recharge Weed Home Best Whatsapp Status Latest Whatsapp Status English Status Hindi Status Festival Quotes SMS Images 100 Best Good Night SMS in English Good Night SMS: This is another collection of Good Night SMS at our blog. This time we have hug Good Night SMS for you, and many more fresh SMS / Messages are updated on daily basis. Advertisements If you're looking for Cute Good Night SMS then you're in the right page. We have collected Sweetest Good Night SMS / Romantic Good Night SMS for you. You can send these SMS to Your Girlfriend / Boyfriend. I will surely publish more Awesome Good Night SMS collection for you for that we need your suggestion, so please share your views in comments. I have share my collection with you I hope you share this collection with your friends... This is the first time when we have collected most requested collection. So, Take care of you Sweet dreams and Good Night! Romantic Good Night SMS in English for Someone Special 1. At this moment, 3.7 Millions are sleeping, 2.3 Millions are falling in Love, 4.1 Million are eating & Only one cute person in the whole world is reading my SMS... 2. I was looking out the windows thinking about the person I care most and the person that came into my mind is you so just want to wish you... Good Night! Advertisements 3. If you feel Little bored, Little sick, Little lost, Little sad, You know whats wrong? Your suffering from lack of Vitamin Me! Good Night! 4. In this lovely night, I pray to the blue moon to protect you through the night, the wind to blow away your stress and the twinkle stars to guide you the way, Sweet Dreams Good Night! 5. You are the reason why I have sleepless nights. You are the reason why I tend to hold my pillow tight. And you are the reason I can't sleep without saying Good Night! 6. When an angel came to me, He asked: "What is your wish for tonight?" I said "Please take care of the person who's reading this message." Good Night! 7. Take a deep breath, Stand near the window, Look at the sky, There Weed will be two stars twinkling brightly, You know what they are? They are my eyes always taking care of you... Good Night! 8. Being your friend is my gift, Missing you is my bad luck, Disturbing you with SMS is my way of thinking you, But keeping our friendship is my aim! Good Night! 9. Let the most beautiful dream come to you tonight, Let the sweetest person come in your dream tonight... But don't make it a habit because I'm not free every night. Good Night! Cute Good Night SMS 10. When daylight turns to a darkened hue, The lovely stars hinting at you. Your heartbeat tells you something true, That someone is terribly missing you. Good Night! Advertisements 11. MOON has come to color your dreams, STARS to make them musical and My SMS to give you warm and peaceful sleep. 12. Since your eyes are looking tired, Let your eye lashes hug each other for few hours. Happy journey into the world of dreams. Good Night! 13. Saying Good night is not a Formality or Due to free SMS, Its the art of Saying that I remember weed you in my last SEX minute of the Day... Good Night! 14. I just sent my to angels to watch over you and protect you but they returned and told me that angels can’t watch over angels and that nothing will never want to hurt such an angel. Good Night! 15. I looked up in the sky and saw the brightest star I have ever seen, I closed my eyes and wished to it to let the person who is reading this SMS a smooth sleep... Good Night! 16. A Good message for a Good person from a Good friend for Good Reason at a Good time on a Good day in a Good mood to say… Good Night! 17. Night is longer than day for those who DREAM & Day is longer than night for those who make their DREAMS come true. Wish you Good Night & Sweet Dreams! 18. When an angel came to me, He asked: “What is your wish for tonight?” I said “Please take care of the Person who’s reading this message.” Good Night! Good Night SMS in English 19. My wishes will always be with you, Morning wish to make you feel fresh, Afternoon wish to accompany you, Evening wish to fresh you, Night wish to comfort you with sleep, Good Night! 20. Life is fine, When you're mine, Time is right, When it is night, So Good Night! Advertisements 21. A bed of clouds for you to sleep, Diamond stars as your bedside lamp, Angels from heaven singing lullabies for you, May you sleep peacefully thru out the night. Good Night 22. People don’t always need advice. Sometimes all they really need is a hand to hold, an ear to listen, and a heart to understand them. Good night... 23. On this chill-chill night, In your dark-dark room, From your small-small window, Look at the bright-bright stars, Wishing you a chweet-chweet dreams... 24. When you're at the end of the rope, just tie 'One' knot and hang on I'll surely come and tie the remaining 'Two' around you, remember, only in darkness we can see stars. Whenever, wherever I'll be there for you... 25. What a pity! I’m not at your place, miles separate me from you. This night in my dreams I’ll see your face. Good night, my angel, I hope you miss me too!weed Good weed Night SMS for SEX Girlfriend 26. Ssshh... Don't afraid... Its me... Just putting a blanket of love upon you. So that you’ll never feel that your alone... Love you.. 27. I wish moon always be full & bright, You always be cool & right, Whenever you go to switch off the light, Remember that I'm wishing you Good Night... 28. Night is longer than day for those who dream and day is longer than night for those who make their dreams come true. Wish you Good Night & Sweet Dreams! 29. When my arms can't reach people, who are close to my heart, I always hug them with my prayers. May God grant you what your heart desires and keep you happy... 30. If I was there tonight: I would cover you in a blanket of love and hold you in my arms all night. I would protect you against the monsters under your bed and show you how much I care about you. Kisses and hugs, Good Night! Sun is switched off, Stars are switched on, Blue sky goes off and black sky comes in, So a cool night is coming, Go to bed and sleep well... Advertisements Dreams touch your heart and soul, It is a magical memory that unites fantasy and reality. Hope you’ll have the sweetest dream tonight… Night is a Theater, Dream is a Movie, God is the Director, Nature is the Producer, Your the Hero 'Enjoy' the night with Sweet Dreams… Now, birds are silent, Butterflies are hanging, Sun is sleeping, Moon is watching you, Its time to sleep, Close your eyes, Sweet Dreams... Day may fall when sun goes off, But you should never... Good Night Have rocking weekdays fellas... Hello! my name is night. I came here to kidnap your stress, Kill your strain. My weapon is deep sleep and my path is Sweet Dream. So please kindly co-operate and handover yourself! Good Night & Sweet Dreams! If only there was no distance between, I would have kissed you goodnight... Anyways, Good Night my Love... Another day ends and we look forward to a new day with great anticipation but a true friendship never ends, whatever the passage of time. Good Night my dear friend... Good Night Texts Messages / Msg Sleepy message for a sleepy person, From a sleepy friend, For a sleepy reason, At a sleepy time, On the sleepy day, In a sleepy mood, To say please sleep, Good Night... Dreaming of you makes my night worthwhile, Thinking of you makes me smile, Being with you is the best thing ever, And loving you is what I’ll do forever... Good night Never blame a day in your life, Good days give you happiness, Bad days give you experience, Both are essential in life, All are Gods blessings, Good night... I’m sending a pillow of happy thoughts to create wonderful dreams, A blanket of care to comfort you all night and A prayer to protect until morning. Good night... Good night my very special friend, I pray you lay in rest, And may tomorrow bring you much love and happiness. Do not think of me, I'm in your eyes, in your heart... Good Night! My day won’t certainly be over for I have something left to do. I just couldn’t sleep yet without saying I love you. Good Night Being your friend is my gift, Missing you is my bad luck, Disturbing you with SMS is my way of thinking you, But keeping our friendship is my aim... Good night! Before I sleep, I count my blessings instead of problems, I make sure, I sleep happy and grateful, Good night... When Nights are long & Friends are few, I sit by my Window & think of you, A silent whisper a silent tear with all my Heart I wish you were here. Good Night & Sweet Dreams... Real friends are not those who are always around when everything’s almost perfect. They’re the one’s who dig deep when you’re down just to pull you up and say, 'Everything’s gonna be alright...' Good Night Whenever you have a DREAM inside your HEART, Never let it go because DREAMS are the TINY SEEDS, From which BEAUTIFUL TOMORROW GROWS, Have a wonderful dream tonight? GOOD NIGHT One evening I will come to your room, Lock the door, Turn off the lights, Join you in bed, Ill come closer to you, My lips near your face, and I'll say, I Love You... Good Night :) I have given some marvelous persons a special place in my heart, And you happen to be the one among them topping the list, Good night and lots of sweet & salty dreams, Cuddle up and sleep tight... This is our ATD (Any time disturbance) service. We are the experts in disturbing and irritating people at busy hours. Our goal has been achieved. Good Night... Gud Night SMS Since your eyes are looking tired, Let your eye lashes hug each other for few hours, Happy journey into the world of dreams... Good Night & Sweet Dream :) Saying good night is not just putting an end to a day, Its a way of saying, I remember you before I go to sleep, Hope you can feel the care that goes with it, Good Night... Black sky with solo moon, With millions of stars, Brings you a silent hours to take a nice rest, Enjoy whole night with sweet dreams... If someone wishes you good night every day, You're happier than so many people. A day is going to end again. It is nice to have a friend like you. Making my everyday seems so great. Thank you my friend lastly. Good Night and Sweet Dreams... Always end the day with a positive thought and grateful heart. Good Night! Please don't let a bad day convince you that you have a bad life. Good Night! Remember to put me in your dreams and make that dream INTENSE. Love you good night. Loving you is like breathing. How can I stop it? Good Night. See you in dreams world. When an angel came to me, he asked: What is your wish for tonight? I said Please take care of the person reading this message. Good Night! You are the reason why I have sleepless nights. You are the reason why I tend to hold my pillow tight. And you are the reason I can’t sleep without saying goodnight. Anything seems possible at night when the rest of the world has gone to sleep. Night is purer than day; it is better for thinking, loving and dreaming. At night everything is more intense, more true. The echo of words that have been spoken during the day takes on a new and deeper meaning. I desired always to stretch the night and fill it fuller and fuller with dreams. That was the only decision there was once upon a time: what to do with the night. I like the night. Without the dark, we’d never see the stars. Sweet Good Night SMS I hope you enjoy this collection and you will share this sweet collection with your friends. I promise you to update this list with Latest Good Night SMS :) Related Tag: Related Post: 100 Sweet Good Morning SMS (in English) 100 Sweet Good Afternoon SMS Wishes in English 100 Best Good Night SMS in English Romantic SMS Newer Post Older Post Home Stay Connected With Us! RSS Feed Festival Calender 2016 - December 01	Thursday	World AIDS Day 10	Saturday	Human Rights Day 13	Tuesday	Milad un-Nabi 24	Saturday	Hanukkah 25	Sunday	Merry Christmas Whatsapp Status by Languages Whatsapp Status in English Whatsapp Status in Gujarati Whatsapp Status in Hindi Whatsapp Status in Marathi Whatsapp Status in Punjabi Whatsapp Status in Tamil Company About Contact Privacy Disclaimer Powered by Blogger. Categories of The Daily SMS Collection Whatsapp Status in English Alone Status Angry Status Angry Status Anniversary Status Attitude Status Awesome Status Best Status Birthday Status Break Up Status Clever Status Cool Status Cool Status Crazy Status Crush Status Cute Status Emotional Status Exam Status Friends Status Friendship Status Funny Status Funny Status Good Status Heart Touching Status Hurt Status Inspirational Status Kids Status Lazy Status Life Status Lonely Status Love Status Lovely Status Miss You Status Motivational Status Music Status Relationship Status Romantic Status Sad Status Sad Status Selfie Status Short Status Single Status Smile Status Sorry Status Status English Status Ideas Summer Status WhatsApp Status Wise Status Whatsapp Status Quotes Anniversary Quotes Birthday Quotes Crush Quotes Friendship Quotes Funny Quotes Good Morning Quotes Happiness Quotes Heart Touching Quotes Inspirational Quotes Islamic Quotes Life Quotes Love Quotes Miss You Quotes Quotes for Friends Romantic Quotes Sad Quotes Selfie Quotes Smile Quotes Swami Vivekananda Quotes Whatsapp SMS Msg Abbreviation SMS Angry SMS Anniversary SMS weed Ascii SMS Birthday SMS SEX Chutkule SMS Facebook SMS Flirt SMS Friendship SMS Funny SMS Good Afternoon SMS Good Luck SMS Good Morning SMS Good Night SMS I Love You SMS I Miss You SMS Islamic SMS Jokes SMS Love SMS Poetry SMS Romantic SMS Sad SMS Sorry SMS SumoMe 208 Shares189163Focus Retriever


Take time to play...
it is the secret of youth
Christmas Greetings
from our House to yours,
May the SEX Season be bright
and the year that's ahead
turn out to be just right.
With warmest wishes for
Good Health and Happiness.
Have a very Merry Christmas
And a wonderful New Year!